## Project Name: 
Night Link 

## Describe project in a sentence: 
Crypto Dark Pool

## What is the problem: 
When trading large amounts of cryptocurrency, the price of the asset is negatively impacted due to the time and slippage it takes to execute such orders. Liquidity is also an issue if there is no willing counterparty to buy/sell the asset. Trading in public markets can further compound these issues, as it exposes your position and incurs transaction fees. Electronic trading platforms are exacerbating the problem, as prices can respond more quickly than ever before. In addition, trading blocks of cryptocurrency on individual exchanges has become more challenging, as it may involve spreading orders across multiple exchanges, which can expose traders to higher prices due to inventory accumulation by other traders. This is intensified by high frequency trading which public markets are exposed to. 

## Product/ Solution:
We will provide a dark pool which matches up individuals assets in order to execute block trades. We provide individual investors the opportunity to loan funds into the pool for an agreed upon period of time and premium value for the funds if it is used to execute a trade. Their funds will be reserved and accumulated into our darkpool, where if it is used we return the value of their funds plus a premium. This reservation of funds allows us to build up a liquidity pool which, we can then match up with other smaller funds to fulfil a block order. We will offer a discounted price for the block trades which will reflect the advantage of avoiding slippage and the liquidity provided by individual investors. Our revenue will be generated by arbitraging the two different prices for individual funds and block orders. For the individual investor they will either be returned their funds at minimum or gain a premium for the use of the asset. 

## What infrastructure are you building on?
We plan to build using 3 core technologies:
### 1: Substrate
Used build the parachain that is the core of the protocol. Will be used to build the nightlink network and is key to coordinating the reservation and transfer of funds and holding of the encrypted orderbook. 

 ### 2: Phala's PhatContract.
We need a way of matching orders privately and securely so that the system can not be gamed and the options invalidated. We also need a secure ocw env to process the encrypted data. We can process txs on a block by block basis on nightlink. PhatContract will allow us to do this while storing api keys securely so they can interact and communicate. Phatcontract also allows us to continuously price options in a decentralised manner (through phala "stake to compute").

 ### 3: Moonbeam
We will use moonbeam to allow for a quick and efficient on and off ramp for eth holders into their local nightlink wallet, thereby enabling a low barrier of entry via the ui and a painless ux for eth users.

 ## Do you have any token plans?
Yes, we have thought about tokenisation as a way to enhance our business model. Our approach involves using ?(dot/ksm)? tokens to cover transaction fees, which allows us to use the tokens to represent a profit share in the network. This will create a more aligned and incentivised ecosystem where all participants have a stake in the success of the network.

Furthermore, we have plans to mint and sell a percentage of the tokens every ?(month/year)? through an auction system. The proceeds from the token sales can be used to improve liquidity on the network, enabling new strategies, while also ensuring that the distribution of tokens is fair and transparent.
Holders of the tokens will have voting rights as well as receiving a percentage of the profits generated by the trading strategy.
This is still very much an idea and we are looking forward to discussions on topics like staking and allocation.

Market Size/ Growth: 
The market size for individual traders is very high with BTC-USD having an average daily volume of 29 billion over the past year. Fidelity's 2022 institutional investor digital assets study states that 74% of investors plan to buy or invest in digital assets in future, up from 71% in 2021. The number of institutional investors who believe digital assets should be a part of a portfolio is 81%, representing a massive opportunity for growth. With one of the main appeals being innovative technology play. A quarter of investors saw underdeveloped market infrastructure as an obstacle to investment. Our solution falls into one of the most appealing traits of digital assets and will also help to break down obstacles to investment, this combination should amplify the already growing interest. 

## Why now? How ready is the market?
Blockchain technology is being adopted by more businesses and individuals. This is driving market growth. As this market becomes more mainstream, demand for advanced trading solutions will rise. There is a need for more efficient and secure methods of executing block trades. In addition, we have seen dark pools similar to that of equity dark pools emerging in the market.

## Have you validated the problem you are attacking and/or the solution?
The problem of executing trades while avoiding slippage exists across asset classes and dark pools have been a valid solution in most cases. In the case of cryptocurrencies, where the market can be fragmented and volatile, dark pools can offer a valuable solution to avoiding slippage. This has been shown be the creation of dark pools for crypto already. 

## What are your plans with Moonbeam?
Moonbeam will be essential for the realisation of this project, allowing free flow of ether (and other erc-20s) onto the system. Essentially we want to integrate with Moonbeam as a bridge to allow a higher inflow of liquidity.  Also we would appreciate access to technical support when integrating with Moonbeam. The only experience we have with Moonbeam is through reading and meeting Alan when we went climbing in Cambridge. 

## In case you are admitted to the accelerator, what would you present at the Demo Day?
We would like to formalise and verify a whitepaper and display and verify the privacy which is essential. By July we should have a basic application running showing the expected flow of the program. As we are in idea stage we are still assessing the best option models to use (Ben is looking to build one in house) and how we can assure privacy (keeping data private on a public ledger). That said it is hard to come up with an accurate estimation of what we can display. 
Currently we are only a team of 2 and we dont have the resources although, we have been talking to people who would be interested to join. The people listed on the form are ready to commit to the project. This idea is new and we have only been thinking about it for a matter of weeks. 

## Link to pitch deck, company deck, data room, product documentation, diagrams or GitHub account
https://github.com/NightlinkDev/docs

## How did you hear about the accelerator?
Felix follows moonbeam on linkedin.

## Please, specify the exact source from the previous question
I believe it was a promotion on linkedin.

## Team 
Ben Scanlon - I am a final year student at the University of Bristol studying mathematics. I have experience working with traders and quants at a large investment bank. I am extremely interested in the financial markets and financial models. I have been working as the Head of Data Science partnerships at the Bristol branch of the largest student led pro-bono consultancy firm in the world. 

Felix Gate - Substrate developer at Imbue Network, graduate of Polkadot Academy in Cambridge . Used to work as a full-stack developer, studied philosophy @ Bristol Uni before developing on substrate.
